Invoice to
Gohanx Group


1610 16th St SW Austin, Minnesota(MN), 55912
P: 10001
Phone: (507) 437-4354
M: gohanx@healthcare.com


INVOICE
Invoice # 00212
Account # 124400442

Date 17 March 2020


Service

Description of Work Done

Description
Hours Spent 

Amount Per Hour

Total

(Hours spent) x (Amount per hour) = [$X]

Total Payment Due: [Total Payment in Dollars]

[Itemized service provided]	
[Clear description of service provided, be as specific as possible]	
[Amount of hours spent on service]




Converting the complete PSD files at once causes a longer page loading time broke it into pieces so that you can convert small file pieces easily


Once you have all the sliced images need to generate the directories,The main folder is named your website.
A folder named ‘images in the main folder that you named on your site. It is for storing all the images you will add in the future.
Lastly, another folder called ‘styles’ for the style sheets or the CSS files in the main folder.


This step is all about creating the HTML pageThe top part of the page is Header, and you need to start sectioning from it.
The next one is Hero, and it is the biggest section on the page. This section will signify a particular image on your page.
Slideshow is the third section to code, and it will display the list of images and automatically side across the page.
Next, it is your main content. This text area will contain data, including the texts, images, buttons, etc.
Lastly, it is the footer. It signifies the bottom part of the page that will contain the Blog links, contact, other social media links

to create the HTML code, you need to create the style files for your page. You need to put the files to CSS, and it is like a mandatory task. However, you can create the style files using a framework. Bootstrap is the most suggested one for that. You can even shape it later on if you wish.


We need to create the style files for the Page , We'll convert the files to CSS,A framework, on the other hand, can be used to construct the style files. The most popular recommendation is Bootstrap,you can also shape it later.


4793 Settlers Lane, New York, NY,USA 556